Lease heartbeat: more description update error handling (#19673)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes.md

  timeout for unreachable nodes).
- The kubelet creates and then updates its Lease object every 10 seconds
  (the default update interval). Lease updates occur independently from the

>   `NodeStatus` updates. If the Lease update fails, the kubelet will retry with exponential backoff starting at 200 milliseconds and capped at 7 seconds.

Reviewer: one nit:
```suggestion
  `NodeStatus` updates. If the Lease update fails, the kubelet retries with exponential backoff starting at 200 milliseconds and capped at 7 seconds.
```

Author: @sftim always open for language specific suggestions! Will apply the change
